Okay, so what I want from your side is that when someone clicks on the scheduler demo button, he is sent down to the create a demo page where he can fill up all the details of him and I want you to add some more credentials to specify a person, maybe you can get his mobile number or Gmail ID like a Google form, you know? And then when he presses the request a demo button down there, then the message which pops up is also generated when there is no any information filled in the boxes in the get a demo section, but I want you to make it mandatory to fill that section. Even though these three information are enough, there is no need to add the more credentials as it is not a signup page. So it is okay for now to not add any more credentials. So these three are enough, but you should improve that button thing, like the button where scheduler demo is mounted, when we click it, then it is sending us to the section where ready to transform student feedback thing is written down. So I just want you to change that thing to the next section where get a demo section is present. And the second task is when request demo is clicked, then I want you to suggest me options where I can send the data. Maybe if I could just send the data to my Gmail account and I am happy to share my Gmail account with you if you could do that. Also, the next task after completing this, this iteration, I want you to help me with publishing this particular project from the local setup, independent from the Replit dependencies and all, making separate structures for front-end and back-end, making the structure quite good for industry purposes. So I want you to change the structure of files and folders in the project where you should make a structure like front-end files on the front-end folder and then back-end files on the back-end folder and the root files are separate from both of them. So I want you to make it like that so that I will be having an easier way to mount the entry points for both back-end and front-end and to connect them from a database, right, making this structure quite good and quite efficient for developing this project in the local setup as well. And when I host this thing on Vercel and render, then I will be having easy entry points for them as well. I can, like I can just push this repository to GitHub and I can connect it from Vercel and Render and I can host it completely from there. So as fast as possible, please do these things and the limit of this tab is going to close very soon. So I want that much help from your side before the limit expires. Thank you very much.

gmail- garvpandya3@gmail.com

